In a nutshell:
	Navigate maze-like streets of Omega Seaside while fighting hellish alien forces and progressing towards the secret laboratory.



	Discover secret places by navigating unknown areas - fog of war 
	Complete optional storyline objectives across the city 
	Choose both which factions to fight, and which factions to support (or maybe your own faction?)
	Fight hellish monster hordes invading the city
	World state and battle outcomes change based on faction you're fighting
	Dynamic environment which reacts to player actions
	Personal hub area for rest and other stuff


Feature pool:
	Hub / Personal home base
		City entry

	Persistent Fog of War - Progress through the city by navigating through unknown areas

	Scouting mission - Navigate around the city in instanced, roguelike missions.
		In-level fog of war - Map out unexplored areas like in Diablo
		Mission stage progression
			After completing a stage, player can decide to either extract and save progress, or take a chance and enter another stage.
			Mission stages become progressively harder, but provide more rewards
				Rewards:
					More area progression towards the laboratory
					Multiplied XP?
					Some kinda multiplayer-style leaderboard?

		Patrolling NPC squads / with their own goals

		Encounters between npc squads - Different factions might fight each other

	Main story objectives
		Discover important characters and follow a storylines during scouting missions 
		Discover secret npcs and hidden plotlines by navigating unknown areas

	RPG-mechanics / Character progression

	Weapons
		Melee
		Unarmed 
		Guns

	Apparel? 

	NPC Factions with varying goals

	Enemies
		Undead horde and their alien overlords
		NPC factions
		

	Progression across different city areas
		Themed city areas:
			Juicy park (Commercial theme-park of a large candy corporation)

	Progression towards lab / the deeper you go, more difficult challenges you face

	Immersive gameplay style
		mimimal amount of menus and ui clutter
		ideally game should start right away without a tutorial or any kind of main menu
			tutorial / guides should be integrated into actual gameplay
			main menu can be creatively hidden behind some gameplay mechanic like the hub level in phasmophobia



Problems / plotholes / whatever - These gotta be addressed some way
	1. Core game feature is navigating unknown maze-like city streets to discover imoportant areas and advance towards the lab.
	Why the player cannot just look up a city map online?
		Possible solutions:
			Alien leaders of the hellish invasion have god-like supernatural powers which re-shaped and molded the island into a hard-to-navigate maze.
			Maybe this was done to prevent people from escaping the island?
			Kinda like how the fog in Silent Hill games makes the town feel like an endless maze of horrors and challenges, forcing player to study and learn the environment
